update_information_button=Update info
current_rank_text_label=Current rank
level_label=Level
reputation_level_label=Endorsement level
timeinseason_text_label=Hours for the season
wins_text_label=Wins:
games_lost_text_label=Loses:
games_tied_text_label=Tied:
winrate_text_label=Winrate
last_activity_label=Last activity
games_lost_change_text_label=Loses:
wins_change_text_label=Wins:
games_tied_change_text_label=Tied:
last_rank_change_text_label=Rank:
most_eliminations_acc_text_lable=Eliminations
total_eliminations_acc_text_lable=Total
most_final_blows_acc_text_label=Final blows
total_final_blows_acc_text_label=Total
most_obj_elims_acc_text_label=Objective kills
total_obj_elims_acc_text_label=Total
most_obj_time_acc_text_label=Objective time
total_obj_time_acc_text_label=Total
most_heroes_dmg_acc_text_label=Hero damage done
total_heroes_dmg_acc_text_label=Total
most_healing_acc_text_label=Healing done
total_healing_acc_text_label=Total
most_fire_time_acc_text_label=On fire
total_fire_time_acc_text_label=Total
most_solo_elims_acc_text_label=Solo kills
total_solo_elims_acc_text_label=Total
avg_elims_hero_text_label=Eliminations:
avg_obj_elims_hero_text_label=Objective kills
avg_damage_done_hero_text_label=Damage done
abg_deaths_hero_text_label=Deaths
avg_healing_done_hero_text_label=Healing done
time_played_hero_text_label=Time played
winrate_hero_text_label=Winrate
accuracy_hero_text_label=Accuracy
critical_accuracy_hero_text_label=Crit accuracy
final_blows_hero_text_label=Final blows
avg_solo_elims_hero_text_label=Solo kills
avg_fire_time_hero_text_label=On fire
avg_obj_time_hero_text_label=Objective time
games_hero_text_label=Matches:
add_profile_button=Add profile
label=Double click on the profile to remove it
language_text_label=Language